archived.md, before:

## Computer & Information Science

#### Department Founder & Chair, Berea College

I am slowly porting my course pages to github. Please email me at jan_pearce a(@)t berea.edu if you are looking for something specific that is not here.

### Archived Courses

#### Spring 2022 Courses
- [csc236: Data Structures](https://berea-college-csc236.github.io/index-S22) (two sections)

#### Fall 2021 Courses
- [csc226: Intro to Robotics](https://berea-college-csc-226.github.io/index_fall2021)
- [csc236: Data Structures](https://berea-college-csc236.github.io/index-F21)
- [csc426: Open Source Software Engineering](https://pearcej.github.io/csc426/index.md)

#### Spring 2020 Courses
- [csc126: Intro to Robotics](https://pearcej.github.io/csc126)
- [csc236: Data Structures](https://pearcej.github.io/csc236/index-s20)
- [csc386-jp: Android Mobile Development](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TqQHoUWpEse9-r0yLZduYb9qhugXCFABR4xYMcFUUoM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - CodePath 0.5 credit course (not instructor-led)
- [csc493: Senior Projects](https://pearcej.github.io/csc493)

#### Fall 2019 Courses
- [csc236: Data Structures](https://pearcej.github.io/csc236/index-f19)
- [csc426: Open Source Software Engineering](https://pearcej.github.io/csc426/index-f19.html)

Commit message:

update index to reflect Fulbright Award

archived.md, after:

## Computer & Information Science

#### Professor and Department Founder, Berea College

On sabbatical 2022 - 2023

2022 Fulbright Scholar, Ashesi University, Ghana

#### Note: 
I am slowly porting my course pages to Github. Please email me at jan_pearce a(@)t berea.edu if you are looking for something specific that is not here.

### Archived Courses

#### Spring 2022 Courses
- [csc236: Data Structures](https://berea-college-csc236.github.io/index-S22) (two sections)

#### Fall 2021 Courses
- [csc226: Intro to Robotics](https://berea-college-csc-226.github.io/index_fall2021)
- [csc236: Data Structures](https://berea-college-csc236.github.io/index-F21)
- [csc426: Open Source Software Engineering](https://pearcej.github.io/csc426/index.md)

#### Spring 2020 Courses
- [csc126: Intro to Robotics](https://pearcej.github.io/csc126)
- [csc236: Data Structures](https://pearcej.github.io/csc236/index-s20)
- [csc386-jp: Android Mobile Development](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TqQHoUWpEse9-r0yLZduYb9qhugXCFABR4xYMcFUUoM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - CodePath 0.5 credit course (not instructor-led)
- [csc493: Senior Projects](https://pearcej.github.io/csc493)

#### Fall 2019 Courses
- [csc236: Data Structures](https://pearcej.github.io/csc236/index-f19)
- [csc426: Open Source Software Engineering](https://pearcej.github.io/csc426/index-f19.html)
