csc426/blog1.md, before:

## Blog Prompt 1

In class, we brainstormed skills and characteristics of good open source software developers. 
For the prompt below, you can choose [items from the list we generated together](http://cs.berea.edu/courses/csc426/opensource-day1.pdf) (use zoom a lot to see - sorry) - or you can suggest something else.

In your first blog entry of the semester, address each of the following bullets (1 or more paragraph each):

  - Do you have any prior experience with open source? If so, what is it? (It's okay if you don't have any at all!)
  - What do you think is the strongest skill or characteristic that you can bring to your team this semester?
  - What skill or characteristic would you most like to improve upon? What can you do this semester to help in that endeavor?

### In order to receive credit for each blog entry, you must do *both* of the following:

  - Post your entry to your blog.
  - Additionally, copy and paste the text of your entry to Moodle. (This should only take a couple of minutes.)
  
### Please note that blog prompts are due by 8 am on their due dates --do not wait until the last minute! 
This first entry is due by 8 am on Monday, August 26, 2019

Commit message:

Added example of critical reflection

csc426/blog1.md, after:

## Blog Prompt 1

In class, we brainstormed skills and characteristics of good open source software developers. 
For the prompt below, you can choose [items from the list we generated together](http://cs.berea.edu/courses/csc426/opensource-day1.pdf) (use zoom a lot to see - sorry) - or you can suggest something else.

In your first blog entry of the semester, address each of the following bullets (1 or more paragraph each):

  - Do you have any prior experience with open source? If so, what is it? (It's okay if you don't have any at all!)
  - What do you think is the strongest skill or characteristic that you can bring to your team this semester?
  - What skill or characteristic would you most like to improve upon? What can you do this semester to help in that endeavor?

### In order to receive credit for each blog entry, you must do *both* of the following:

  - Post your entry to your blog.
  - Additionally, copy and paste the text of your entry to Moodle. (This should only take a couple of minutes.)
  
The best blog entries will be honest, thoughtful, and critically reflective. Here are some [blog examples](blogreflections.md) of the differences
between reporting, reflection, and critical reflection.
  
### Please note that blog prompts are due by 8 am on their due dates --do not wait until the last minute! 
This first entry is due by 8 am on Monday, August 26, 2019
