csc426/index.md, before:

# csc426: Open Source Software Engineering

## Berea College

- [Course Syllabus](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11O1P6yeYuWTDdGJzrgjw6xYm6N8mM_fhHf780vJtlqI/edit?usp=sharing)

---

## Day 2: Tuesday, August 29, 2023

**In class**:

- Discuss reading assignment, Runestone, and blog assignment
- [CSC 426 Day 2 Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bBqUgl_FXJB71cf9esMlIUv3mdgR1O4_1jXWpbetj5k/edit?usp=sharing)

**Before next class**:

- Complete the [R2: Read Chapters 2 and 3 (OSS Community and Communication and OSS Development Environment)](https://runestone.academy/assignment/student/doAssignment?assignment_id=150302) reading assignment

## Day 1: Thursday, August 24, 2023

**In class**:

- Welcome
- Discussion of course: content, texts, tools, syllabus, flow, etc
- Updating laptop in parallel with presentions
- Who is Dr. Jan Presentation
- Open Source Textbook: [Runestone Academy](http://runestone.academy) - sign up for bc_opensource_f23
- [CSC 426 Day 1 Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bBqUgl_FXJB71cf9esMlIUv3mdgR1O4_1jXWpbetj5k/edit?usp=sharing) which has many linked videos related to the course

**Before next class**:

- Complete the [R1: Chapter 1: Introduction to Open Source Software](https://runestone.academy/assignment/student/doAssignment?assignment_id=143046) reading assignment
- [Set-up a blog for this course](b0-blog-runestone.md) and write your first post.
- Submit link to blog in Moodle
- Post a big picture and a short bio to the [csberea.slack.com #csc426 slack channel](https://app.slack.com/client/T3RM3MK1D/C02AQ1WMM53)
- Be sure post your first post publicly and to ALSO copy post contents into Moodle

---

###### Copyright © 2023 | Licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 United States License

Commit message:

Add link to Runestone Blog

csc426/index.md, after:

# csc426: Open Source Software Engineering

## Berea College

- [Course Syllabus](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11O1P6yeYuWTDdGJzrgjw6xYm6N8mM_fhHf780vJtlqI/edit?usp=sharing)

---

## Day 2: Tuesday, August 29, 2023

**In class**:

- Discuss reading assignment, Runestone, and blog assignment
- [CSC 426 Day 2 Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bBqUgl_FXJB71cf9esMlIUv3mdgR1O4_1jXWpbetj5k/edit?usp=sharing)

**Before next class**:

- Complete the [R2: Read Chapters 2 and 3 (OSS Community and Communication and OSS Development Environment)](https://runestone.academy/assignment/student/doAssignment?assignment_id=150302) reading assignment
- Spend 30 minutes or so reading whatever interest you at the [Runestone Academy Blog](https://blog.runestone.academy/)

## Day 1: Thursday, August 24, 2023

**In class**:

- Welcome
- Discussion of course: content, texts, tools, syllabus, flow, etc
- Updating laptop in parallel with presentions
- Who is Dr. Jan Presentation
- Open Source Textbook: [Runestone Academy](http://runestone.academy) - sign up for bc_opensource_f23
- [CSC 426 Day 1 Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bBqUgl_FXJB71cf9esMlIUv3mdgR1O4_1jXWpbetj5k/edit?usp=sharing) which has many linked videos related to the course

**Before next class**:

- Complete the [R1: Chapter 1: Introduction to Open Source Software](https://runestone.academy/assignment/student/doAssignment?assignment_id=143046) reading assignment
- [Set-up a blog for this course](b0-blog-runestone.md) and write your first post.
- Submit link to blog in Moodle
- Post a big picture and a short bio to the [csberea.slack.com #csc426 slack channel](https://app.slack.com/client/T3RM3MK1D/C02AQ1WMM53)
- Be sure post your first post publicly and to ALSO copy post contents into Moodle

---

###### Copyright © 2023 | Licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 United States License
