csc426/portfolio.md, before:

## Final Portfolio

Submit a single-spaced portfolio document to Moodle which includes the following sections:

1. An overview of the issue or issues that your team worked on, a summary of the progress your team made (if any; if none, then summarize each of your attempts), and if you did not complete the issue(s) detail what you did to make it/them easy for someone else in the open source community to utilize your progress to complete and close.  Assume that your reader has general familiarity with Runestone, but nothing more. If helpful, you can include images or screenshots. (3+ paragraphs)

2. A detailed summary of each team member's contributions, including your own. I'm interested in what you each did rather than your dynamics, which you'll address in your Final Team Evaluation. (3+ paragraphs; 1+ on each team member)

3. Links to the two blog entries that you are most proud of and would feel comfortable sharing with a potential employer. Include a paragraph explaining why you chose these two entries. (link + 1 paragraph)

4. A reflection on your overall experience in the class and working on Runestone. You are free to highlight what is most important to you, although be sure to answer the following at minimum (1 page):

  - What is the most valuable or interesting thing you learned this term from this project?
  - What changes would you like to see in the class structure the next time it is offered?
  - What advice would you give to a future Open Source Software Engineering student?

Because I do not measure your success in PRs, your portfolio helps me to understand in a broader sense what you have accomplished this term. You should consider it a professional document; it should be well-written, well-edited, and entirely your own writing. (Remember that along with your team's presentation, it is worth 25% of your course grade!)

### This portfolio is due by 8:30 am on the due date

Commit message:

Update portfolio requirements and due date

csc426/portfolio.md, after:

## Final Portfolio

Submit a professionally-written single-spaced portfolio document to Moodle which includes the following sections:

1. An overwiew of the issue(s) you solved from the textbooks. What issues did you take on and what was the result? Please give specifics with book names and issue numbers.

2. An detailed overview of the issue or issues that your team worked on in the later part of the course, a summary of the progress your team made (if any; if none, then summarize each of your attempts), and if you did not complete the issue(s) detail what you did to make it/them easy for someone else in the open source community to utilize your progress to complete and close. Assume that your reader has general familiarity with Runestone, but nothing more. Be sure to include images or screenshots. (3+ paragraphs)

3. A detailed summary of each team member's contributions, including your own. I'm interested in what you each did rather than your dynamics, which you'll address in your Final Team Evaluation. (3+ paragraphs; 1+ on each team member)

4. Links to the two blog entries that you are most proud of and would feel comfortable sharing with a potential employer. Include a paragraph explaining why you chose these two entries. (link + 1 paragraph)

5. A reflection on your overall experience in the class and working on Runestone. You are free to highlight what is most important to you, although be sure to answer the following at minimum (1 page):

  - What is the most valuable or interesting thing you learned this term from this project?
  - What changes would you like to see in the class structure the next time it is offered?
  - What advice would you give to a future Open Source Software Engineering student?

6. A refection on the level of professionalism and community-mindededness that you brought to interactions with the greater Runestone community. Did you help others beyond your particular teeam?  If so, give examples. Did you effectively utilize the Runestone #opencourse_Contributionis Slack channel that was provided for you? If so, how effectively? Did you thank thouse that offered you assistance? Give examples. Did you utilize the comments feature in your pull-requests effectively? Explain. Also reflect on how you might have been more community-minded and/or more effective in your communications.

Because I do not measure your success in the number of pull-requessts, your portfolio helps me to understand in a broader sense what you have accomplished this term. You should consider it a professional document; it should be well-written, well-edited, and entirely your own writing. (Remember that along with your team's presentation, it is worth 25% of your course grade!)

### This portfolio is due by 11:45 am on Wednesday, December 8, 2021.
